I never in a million years thought I
have something like this why the house
the house always wins
which is why we don't have to cheat
people but the math is right am I
missing something
no no you didn't miss anything we missed
something madam yes we found them
man there's a machete wow that is the
biggest strawberry I've ever seen in my
life
[Music]
Kowalski confirming visual contact with
debris debris is from a BSE stat Petofi
you have to go we have to go go go the
board's meteorological conditions
McClure coffee explorer dr. stone
requesting faster transport to Bay Area
Explorer permission to retrieve dr.
stone